# electricity_market_env


<!-- WARNING: THIS FILE WAS AUTOGENERATED! DO NOT EDIT! -->

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<a
href="https://github.com/techofer/02360018_final_project/blob/main/electricity_market/electricity_market_env.py#L27"
target="_blank" style="float:right; font-size:smaller">source</a>

### Weather

>  Weather (value, names=None, module=None, qualname=None, type=None,
>               start=1)

*An enumeration.*

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<a
href="https://github.com/techofer/02360018_final_project/blob/main/electricity_market/electricity_market_env.py#L21"
target="_blank" style="float:right; font-size:smaller">source</a>

### Season

>  Season (value, names=None, module=None, qualname=None, type=None,
>              start=1)

*An enumeration.*

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<a
href="https://github.com/techofer/02360018_final_project/blob/main/electricity_market/electricity_market_env.py#L56"
target="_blank" style="float:right; font-size:smaller">source</a>

### ElectricityMarketEnv

>  ElectricityMarketEnv (env_config:dict|None=None,
>                            render_mode:str|None=None)

\*The main Gymnasium class for implementing Reinforcement Learning
Agents environments.

The class encapsulates an environment with arbitrary behind-the-scenes
dynamics through the :meth:`step` and :meth:`reset` functions. An
environment can be partially or fully observed by single agents. For
multi-agent environments, see PettingZoo.

The main API methods that users of this class need to know are:

- :meth:`step` - Updates an environment with actions returning the next
  agent observation, the reward for taking that actions, if the
  environment has terminated or truncated due to the latest action and
  information from the environment about the step, i.e. metrics, debug
  info.
- :meth:`reset` - Resets the environment to an initial state, required
  before calling step. Returns the first agent observation for an
  episode and information, i.e. metrics, debug info.
- :meth:`render` - Renders the environments to help visualise what the
  agent see, examples modes are “human”, “rgb_array”, “ansi” for text.
- :meth:`close` - Closes the environment, important when external
  software is used, i.e. pygame for rendering, databases

Environments have additional attributes for users to understand the
implementation

- :attr:`action_space` - The Space object corresponding to valid
  actions, all valid actions should be contained within the space.
- :attr:`observation_space` - The Space object corresponding to valid
  observations, all valid observations should be contained within the
  space.
- :attr:`spec` - An environment spec that contains the information used
  to initialize the environment from :meth:`gymnasium.make`
- :attr:`metadata` - The metadata of the environment,
  e.g. `{"render_modes": ["rgb_array", "human"], "render_fps": 30}`. For
  Jax or Torch, this can be indicated to users with `"jax"=True` or
  `"torch"=True`.
- :attr:`np_random` - The random number generator for the environment.
  This is automatically assigned during `super().reset(seed=seed)` and
  when assessing :attr:`np_random`.

.. seealso:: For modifying or extending environments use the
:class:`gymnasium.Wrapper` class

Note: To get reproducible sampling of actions, a seed can be set with
`env.action_space.seed(123)`.

Note: For strict type checking (e.g. mypy or pyright), :class:`Env` is a
generic class with two parameterized types: `ObsType` and `ActType`. The
`ObsType` and `ActType` are the expected types of the observations and
actions used in :meth:`reset` and :meth:`step`. The environment’s
:attr:`observation_space` and :attr:`action_space` should have type
`Space[ObsType]` and `Space[ActType]`, see a space’s implementation to
find its parameterized type.\*
